projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
subtitle: What's been eating away my free time
comments: true
---

This is a collection of some things I've worked on that are easily viewable online. Anything that is not browser-friendly will not make the cut :(

--- 

## Website themes 

-  [Beautiful Jekyll](http://deanattali.com/beautiful-jekyll/) - a Jekyll theme I created when making this website.  You can [view a demo](http://deanattali.com/beautiful-jekyll/) or use it yourself to make a pretty website by visiting the [GitHub project](https://github.com/daattali/beautiful-jekyll#readme). The theme is extremely easy to install - you can have a site up and running in 2 minutes, and it is designed to look great on both mobile and large-screen devices. (The [code that generates this site](https://github.com/daattali/daattali.github.io) is very similar to Beautiful Jekyll, but I added a few more advanced features that I don't think should be included in an all-purpose template)

## R packages

- [rsalad](https://github.com/daattali/rsalad) - a mix of R tools that are good for you. Terrible joke... Started as a school assignment, but turned into a collection of extremely useful R tools, some of which have been used by several other people worldwide (there are a bunch of people I don't know who starred it!). The most useful function is `spinMyR`, which has a full [vignette dedicated to it](https://github.com/daattali/rsalad/blob/master/inst/doc/spinMyR.md). If you're into R and reproducible research/generating reports with knitr, then do check it out.  The package also provides a few general productivity tools and some improvements to ggplot.

- [ggExtra](https://github.com/daattali/ggExtra) - easily add histograms/density plots to ggplot2 scatterplots, plus a few more convenience functions. [Available on CRAN](http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ggExtra/) and [on GitHub](https://github.com/daattali/ggExtra).

- shinyjs [in development] - Easily and intuitively perform common JavaScript functions with Shiny in plain R.  Almost ready, will be awesome.

- Rlist [in development] - Simple way to navigate and explore list structures in R.


## Chrome extensions

- [GitHub Diff Navigator](https://github.com/daattali/github-diff-navigator-extension) - allows you to easily navigate through the changes in a file that has been edited on GitHub.  Especially useful when editing a markdown file within the browser, as GitHub will only show you the full changed file but not show you *where* the edits were made.  [Get the extension at the Google Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-diff-navigator/aoojogkiedabnddmokieplfnmjehlneo)

- [Smileyfy My Facebook](https://github.com/daattali/smileyfy-my-facebook-extension) -  Chrome extension that adds infinite happiness to your Facebook browsing, plus a little bonus rickrolling :)  This is not the most useful (if at all..), but it was a way for me to learn about some more advanced features of Chrome extension development. [Get the extension at the Google Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/smileyfy-my-facebook/ideagdnlnmgjdhhbelgadnakbhphljol)

- [Google Slides Auto Resize Speaker Notes](https://github.com/daattali/gslides-betternotes-extension) - the slide previews in the Speaker Notes window of Google Slides are tiny and unreadable. This extension dynamically resizes the slides based on the window size to make them useful. [Get the extension at the Google Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-slides-auto-resize/piciggpbidhfbpefjjbomcgomanjfbeb)


## Websites

- [Wish.com](http://wish.com) - a very popular shopping platform. I was one of the few original developers of the site (before it was even called Wish!) and contributed mostly to the frontend. I was part of Wish's inception and initial growth, but since then it has grown to be a #1 Android Shopping app, and I can't claim any credit to that. :)

- [MakeupBee.com](https://www.makeupbee.com) - website for women to discover and talk about interesting makeup applications. Clearly my area of expertise! The site was mostly developed by Brent Francia (CEO) and I, and I was responsible for all aspects of the development, seeing as we were usually a 2-3 person team.

- [Glittr.com](https://www.glittr.com) - spinoff of MakeupBee that was designed to be focused on more mainstream looks. I've written most of the code for this site.

- [Jauntr.com](http://www.jauntr.com/) - travel site with a social component, that is meant to help users discover and share places to go. It never really took off, but it was my first introduction to web development.


## Misc

- [Minesweeper](./files/Minesweeper) - tiny Minesweeper game I built as part of the interview process with Airbnb.  It's not fancy at all, but it's the best I could do in the two hours they allotted me.

- [Building your own mobile oldies gaming console](https://github.com/daattali/rasperry-pi-gaming-console-setup) - I bought a raspberry pi and turned it into an awesome portable gaming console that supports SNES/PS1/GameGear/GameBoy.  Super cool.

## Java games

I have several cool Java games I wrote, but I curently don't have a way to host the applet online without paying way too much money to buy a certificate.  I might find a way around that in the future.


---

Commit message:

add sentence about r-bloggers to projects

projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
subtitle: What's been eating away my free time
comments: true
---

This is a collection of some things I've worked on that are easily viewable online. Anything that is not browser-friendly will not make the cut :(

--- 

## Website themes 

-  [Beautiful Jekyll](http://deanattali.com/beautiful-jekyll/) - a Jekyll theme I created when making this website.  You can [view a demo](http://deanattali.com/beautiful-jekyll/) or use it yourself to make a pretty website by visiting the [GitHub project](https://github.com/daattali/beautiful-jekyll#readme). The theme is extremely easy to install - you can have a site up and running in 2 minutes, and it is designed to look great on both mobile and large-screen devices. (The [code that generates this site](https://github.com/daattali/daattali.github.io) is very similar to Beautiful Jekyll, but I added a few more advanced features that I don't think should be included in an all-purpose template)

## R packages

- [rsalad](https://github.com/daattali/rsalad) - a mix of R tools that are good for you. Terrible joke... Started as a school assignment, but turned into a collection of extremely useful R tools, some of which have been used by several other people worldwide (there are a bunch of people I don't know who starred it!). The most useful function is `spinMyR`, which has a full [vignette dedicated to it](https://github.com/daattali/rsalad/blob/master/inst/doc/spinMyR.md). If you're into R and reproducible research/generating reports with knitr, then do check it out.  The package also provides a few general productivity tools and some improvements to ggplot.

- [ggExtra](https://github.com/daattali/ggExtra) - easily add histograms/density plots to ggplot2 scatterplots, plus a few more convenience functions. [Available on CRAN](http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ggExtra/) and [on GitHub](https://github.com/daattali/ggExtra).

- shinyjs [in development] - Easily and intuitively perform common JavaScript functions with Shiny in plain R.  Almost ready, will be awesome.

- Rlist [in development] - Simple way to navigate and explore list structures in R.

Many of my R packages/tutorials/thoughts are graciously shared on [R-bloggers](http://www.r-bloggers.com/), which is a great resource for any useR with a vast collection of R-related blog posts.

## Chrome extensions

- [GitHub Diff Navigator](https://github.com/daattali/github-diff-navigator-extension) - allows you to easily navigate through the changes in a file that has been edited on GitHub.  Especially useful when editing a markdown file within the browser, as GitHub will only show you the full changed file but not show you *where* the edits were made.  [Get the extension at the Google Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/github-diff-navigator/aoojogkiedabnddmokieplfnmjehlneo)

- [Smileyfy My Facebook](https://github.com/daattali/smileyfy-my-facebook-extension) -  Chrome extension that adds infinite happiness to your Facebook browsing, plus a little bonus rickrolling :)  This is not the most useful (if at all..), but it was a way for me to learn about some more advanced features of Chrome extension development. [Get the extension at the Google Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/smileyfy-my-facebook/ideagdnlnmgjdhhbelgadnakbhphljol)

- [Google Slides Auto Resize Speaker Notes](https://github.com/daattali/gslides-betternotes-extension) - the slide previews in the Speaker Notes window of Google Slides are tiny and unreadable. This extension dynamically resizes the slides based on the window size to make them useful. [Get the extension at the Google Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-slides-auto-resize/piciggpbidhfbpefjjbomcgomanjfbeb)


## Websites

- [Wish.com](http://wish.com) - a very popular shopping platform. I was one of the few original developers of the site (before it was even called Wish!) and contributed mostly to the frontend. I was part of Wish's inception and initial growth, but since then it has grown to be a #1 Android Shopping app, and I can't claim any credit to that. :)

- [MakeupBee.com](https://www.makeupbee.com) - website for women to discover and talk about interesting makeup applications. Clearly my area of expertise! The site was mostly developed by Brent Francia (CEO) and I, and I was responsible for all aspects of the development, seeing as we were usually a 2-3 person team.

- [Glittr.com](https://www.glittr.com) - spinoff of MakeupBee that was designed to be focused on more mainstream looks. I've written most of the code for this site.

- [Jauntr.com](http://www.jauntr.com/) - travel site with a social component, that is meant to help users discover and share places to go. It never really took off, but it was my first introduction to web development.


## Misc

- [Minesweeper](./files/Minesweeper) - tiny Minesweeper game I built as part of the interview process with Airbnb.  It's not fancy at all, but it's the best I could do in the two hours they allotted me.

- [Building your own mobile oldies gaming console](https://github.com/daattali/rasperry-pi-gaming-console-setup) - I bought a raspberry pi and turned it into an awesome portable gaming console that supports SNES/PS1/GameGear/GameBoy.  Super cool.

## Java games

I have several cool Java games I wrote, but I curently don't have a way to host the applet online without paying way too much money to buy a certificate.  I might find a way around that in the future.


---
