# Persistent data storage with Shiny

Shiny apps can be used for a wide variety of applications, ranging from simply running R code interactively to building complete multi-page web apps. Sometimes Shiny apps need to be able to save data, either to load it back in a different session or to simply log some information. The most trivial method of storing data - saving a file to the local machine (for example, using `write.csv()` or `saveRDS()`) - should not be used when hosting on *[shinyapps.io](http://www.shinyapps.io/)* because of the way *shinyapps.io* works. In short, *shinyapps.io* is designed to distribute your Shiny app across different servers, which means that if a file is saved during one session on some server, then loading the app again later will probably direct you to a different server where the previously saved file doesn't exist. More information on this issue can be found in Jeff Allen's [article regarding sharing data across sessions](http://shiny.rstudio.com/articles/share-data.html). In his article, Jeff also mentions that there are several ways to save (and load) data from Shiny, which can be grouped into three categories.

The main purpose of this guide is to not only explain how to store data in Shiny apps, but also show full working examples, in order to make it clear and easy for anyone to use these concepts in their own apps. In this guide we'll learn about each of the three main ways to store data in more depth, and see how to implement each one in a real Shiny app. This post will introduce seven specific storage methods and will include complete working code that shows how to integrate each one into a Shiny app.

