shiny/payments.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "AttaliTech Payment Options"
show-avatar: false
nav-short: true
---

For any questions regarding payment, please email [dean@attalitech.com](mailto:dean@attalitech.com)

If paying in **US Dollars**, your options are:

- Zelle or email transfer <button data-target="#zelle" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Make payment to [dean@attalitech.com](mailto:dean@attalitech.com)
  {: #zelle .collapse}
  
- ACH direct deposit <button data-target="#ach" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Bank of America  
  Checking account  
  Routing # 125000024  
  Please [email us](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) for the account #
  {: #ach .collapse}
  
- Physical check <button data-target="#check" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  102 Beverley Glen Blvd  
  Thornhill, ON  
  L4J7V2  
  Canada
  {: #check .collapse}
  
- Credit card <button data-target="#cc" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  If you would like to pay with a credit card, [let us know](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) and we will send you a link to a secure payment page. Note: a 3.50% service fee applies.
  {: #cc .collapse}
  
- PayPal <button data-target="#paypal" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  If you would like to pay with PayPal, [let us know](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) and we will send you a link to a secure payment page. Note: a 3.50% service fee applies.
  {: #paypal .collapse}
  
- Wire transfer <button data-target="#wire" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  **Note: a $15 fee is added to wire transfers. Please add $15 to your payment.**  
  Routing/ABA # 026009593   
  SWIFT code BOFAUS3N  
  Address: Bank of America, NA  
  222 Broadway   
  New York, New York 10038
  {: #wire .collapse}


If paying in **Canadian Dollars**, your options are:

- e-interac transfer <button data-target="#einterac" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Make payment to [dean@attalitech.com](mailto:dean@attalitech.com)
  {: #einterac .collapse}

- EFT direct deposit <button data-target="#eft" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Royal Bank of Canada  
  Checking account  
  Transit # 05076  
  Institution # 003  
  Please [email us](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) for the account #
  {: #eft .collapse}

- Physical check <button data-target="#checkcad" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  102 Beverley Glen Blvd  
  Thornhill, ON  
  L4J7V2  
  Canada
  {: #checkcad .collapse}
  
If paying in a **foreign currency**, your options are:

- Wire transfer <button data-target="#wireforeign" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  **Note: a $15 fee is added to wire transfers, plus 3% foreign exchange fee. Please add $15 plus 3% to your payment.**  
  Routing/ABA # 026009593   
  SWIFT code BOFAUS6S  
  Address: Bank of America, NA  
  555 California St   
  San Francisco, CA 94104
  {: #wireforeign .collapse}

Commit message:

payments page: add message saying to contact me for account #

shiny/payments.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "AttaliTech Payment Options"
show-avatar: false
nav-short: true
---

For any questions regarding payment, please email [dean@attalitech.com](mailto:dean@attalitech.com)

If paying in **US Dollars**, your options are:

- Zelle or email transfer <button data-target="#zelle" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Make payment to [dean@attalitech.com](mailto:dean@attalitech.com)
  {: #zelle .collapse}
  
- ACH direct deposit <button data-target="#ach" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Bank of America  
  Checking account  
  Routing # 125000024  
  Please [email us](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) for the account #
  {: #ach .collapse}
  
- Physical check <button data-target="#check" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  102 Beverley Glen Blvd  
  Thornhill, ON  
  L4J7V2  
  Canada
  {: #check .collapse}
  
- Credit card <button data-target="#cc" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  If you would like to pay with a credit card, [let us know](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) and we will send you a link to a secure payment page. Note: a 3.50% service fee applies.
  {: #cc .collapse}
  
- PayPal <button data-target="#paypal" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  If you would like to pay with PayPal, [let us know](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) and we will send you a link to a secure payment page. Note: a 3.50% service fee applies.
  {: #paypal .collapse}
  
- Wire transfer <button data-target="#wire" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  **Note: a $15 fee is added to wire transfers. Please add $15 to your payment.**  
  Routing/ABA # 026009593   
  SWIFT code BOFAUS3N  
  Please [email us](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) for the account #  
  Address: Bank of America, NA  
  222 Broadway   
  New York, New York 10038
  {: #wire .collapse}


If paying in **Canadian Dollars**, your options are:

- e-interac transfer <button data-target="#einterac" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Make payment to [dean@attalitech.com](mailto:dean@attalitech.com)
  {: #einterac .collapse}

- EFT direct deposit <button data-target="#eft" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  Royal Bank of Canada  
  Checking account  
  Transit # 05076  
  Institution # 003  
  Please [email us](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) for the account #
  {: #eft .collapse}

- Physical check <button data-target="#checkcad" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  102 Beverley Glen Blvd  
  Thornhill, ON  
  L4J7V2  
  Canada
  {: #checkcad .collapse}
  
If paying in a **foreign currency**, your options are:

- Wire transfer <button data-target="#wireforeign" class="btn btn-link" data-toggle="collapse">Details</button>

  **Note: a $15 fee is added to wire transfers, plus 3% foreign exchange fee. Please add $15 plus 3% to your payment.**  
  Routing/ABA # 026009593   
  SWIFT code BOFAUS6S  
  Please [email us](mailto:dean@attalitech.com) for the account #  
  Address: Bank of America, NA  
  555 California St   
  San Francisco, CA 94104
  {: #wireforeign .collapse}
