---
layout: post
title: How I built this website
subtitle: And how you can make one very quickly as well using a ready-to-use template
tags: [personal, professional, jekyll, github, blog]
---

Since "going public" yesterday, I had many people ask me how I made the site.  I'll get to that in a few minutes, but first,
the most useful part:

**The core template that runs this website is available for anyone to use. I called it
[Beautiful Jekyll](https://github.com/daattali/beautiful-jekyll#readme)**.

Basically, since I'm kind of OCD about making everything generalised and reusable, after spending a few hours building my website
I decided to instead build a reusable template to easily make similar websites.  Since the engine behind the site is Jekyll,
and in my completely unbiased opinion this theme is beautiful, I chose the name that I did.  

You can view a [demo of the template](http://deanattali.com/beautiful-jekyll/) and use it right away if you want. Please do, it'll
make me feel important :)

---

## How this site is built

### Technical overview

This site is hosted by **[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)**, which provides free hosting. It also means that the code for
the site is public and can be viewed as a git repo ([link](https://github.com/daattali/daattali.github.io)). I've wanted
a website for a long time but never wanted to pay ridiculous monthly hosting fees, so this was perfect to me. 

GitHub Pages uses **[Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)**, which is a simple static-page website generator that focuses on blogging.
Being a static site generator means that the pages are built just once and just being served when their URL is hit, rather
than being dynamically created with every page load.  For my purposes this was definitely enough.

In order to have a nice domain name, I bought a domain from **[Namecheap](https://www.namecheap.com/default.aspx?dir=outbound1)**
since it was the cheapest legitimate domain name registrar I could find.

#### Set up GitHub Pages

My first step was to create a repository named `daattali.github.io`.  After having the repository, I added a useless `index.html`
file with random text inside just to make sure that the site is indeed up and running at `http://daattali.github.io`.

#### Set up a custom domain name

After purchasing a domain name (deanattali.com) from Namecheap, there were a few simple settings to set to get deanattali.com to
render my GitHub page.

- In the git repository, I added a file named `CNAME` that contained my domain. ([Here is my CNAME]({{ site.url }}/CNAME))
- I logged into Namecheap and changed the following settings under "All Host Records"
  - Set the "@" IP Address/URL to `192.30.252.153` and the Record Type to `A (Address)`
  - Set the "www" IP Address/URL to `daattali.github.io.` and the Record Type to `CNAME (Alias)`
  - Add a subdomain entry: `@` as the Host Name, `192.30.252.154` as the IP Address/URL, and `A (Address)` as the Record Type
  - Make sure all TTL is is 1800 for all three rows

That's it.  After a few minutes, `daattali.github.io` redirected to `deanattali.com`, which showed my site :)

I also bought `daattali.com` because I'm extremely undecisive and couldn't decide which domain name I would want to use. But
that
