Flake it till you make it

An excerpt from 'Soulshaping' by Jeff Brown

My mom recently showed me a very interesting bit from a book she was reading. I'll discuss it later, but first here is the piece:

>  Under what circumstances should we step off a path? When is it essential that we finish what we start? If I bought a bag of peanuts and had an allergic reaction, no one would fault me if I threw it out. If I ended a relationship with a woman who hit me, no one would say that I had a commitment problem. But if I walk away from a seemingly secure route because my soul has other ideas, I am a flake?

>   The truth is that no one else can definitively know the path we are here to walk. It’s tempting to listen—many of us long for the omnipotent other—but unless they are genuine psychic intuitives, they can’t know. All others can know is their own truth, and if they’ve actually done the work to excavate it, they will have the good sense to know that they cannot genuinely know anyone else’s. Only soul knows the path it is here to walk. Since you are the only one living in your temple, only you can know its scriptures and interpretive structure.

>   At the heart of the struggle are two very different ideas of success—survival-driven and soul-driven. For survivalists, success is security, pragmatism, power over others. Success is the absence of material suffering, the nourishing of the soul be damned. It is an odd and ironic thing that most of the material power in our world often resides in the hands of younger souls. Still working in the egoic and material realms, they love the sensations of power and focus most of their energy on accumulation. Older souls tend not to be as materially driven. They have already played the worldly game in previous lives and they search for more subtle shades of meaning in this one—authentication rather than accumulation. They are often ignored by the culture at large, although they really are the truest warriors.

>   A soulful notion of success rests on the actualization of our innate image. Success is simply the completion of a soul step, however unsightly it may be. We have finished what we started when the lesson is learned. What a fear-based culture calls a wonderful opportunity may be fruitless and misguided for the soul. Staying in a passionless relationship may satisfy our need for comfort, but it may stifle the soul. Becoming a famous lawyer is only worthwhile if the soul demands it. It is an essential failure if you are called to be a monastic this time around. If you need to explore and abandon ten careers in order to stretch your soul toward its innate image, then so be it. **Flake it till you make it.**

---

I enjoyed this text because it's something that I've always felt, but I hadn't yet been able to put into words. I think my mom read this to me because she knew this was very in line with the way I make choices.  I've personally been called disloyal and uncommitted because of my professional choices on multiple occassions (and perhaps rightly so).  In the past few years, I've left two comfortable high-paying jobs in San Francisco, one of which was a seemingly backwards decision to go back to school even though I already had an objective amazing job with nothing to gain from school. More recently I decided to change my graduate thesis supervisor after only a few months despite knowing it's very uncommon and ill-advised and will probably cause some PR damage to myself. Some people have called me out on these choices, but I always felt like it was simply the right thing to do, what I needed to do.

The author makes a great point that we seem to value and understand physical needs far more than mental and emotional ones.  Leaving an outwardly great relationship that is abusive behind closed doors or throwing away an allergy-inducing vegetable that is generally seen as healthy are a no-brainer. But the moment we leave this physical dimension, things become much less clear. I left a great job to go to school, against most of my friends' advice, not because it could directly give me better career options or money, but because I felt like at that time that was the right thing for me. And it was extremely scary and difficult to decide, but I am much happier now. And when I decided to switch supervisors, I did it knowing that I'm leaving a very well-respected lab worldwide and even though the work I was doing in that lab was exactly what I thought I wanted when I started school. But due to other reasons, it just didn't feel right, and again, I am extremely happy to have gone through that painful "acadmic breakup" to be where I am now.

The same can be said about a non-abusive relationship. It seems very hard to leave a romantic relationship solely on the basis of "it's just not right". I feel like people usually force themselves to look for a concrete reason, as if to prove to themselves that their want to break up is correct. Someone once told me (I think they were quoting a movie?) something along the lines of "he ticked all the right boxes, except the one for the heart". And sadly, people seem to often ignore these boxes that belong to unmeasureable factors.

**I don't think it's cowardly to walk away, it can be very difficult to not be afraid to step off a path, regardless of how much you've already walked it.**

Of course, it's possible that I'm being very selfish and just trying to excuse my own choices.  I realize that if everybody operated in such a way, society would crumble. There are clearly always other factors to keep in mind: if you are a married adult with two kids, then you can't simply leave your spouse merely because you want to find someone better.  There is obviously some balance in the factors that go into play, but your soul or heart should definitely play some part of it. Similarly, I would not leave a job a week before an important product launch becuase that would be needlessly selfish. And I wouldn't leave a graduate lab if I had a collaborator who relied on my work for the next month, that would also be terrible. But people should remember that it's ok to take their own happiness into consideration as well, not only others'.

One last thought: the author mentioned peanut allergies, which are very common here.  When I first moved to Canada I noticed that many kids here are allergic to peanuts, while I never knew of any peanut-allergic kid back in Israel.  This baffled me and I always jokinlgy said that it's because kids in Israel eat a peanut-containing snack 24/7 from the moment they're born.  It turns out that this theory actually might have some scientific backing, as shown [in this article from the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19000582) :)
